Added help text where needed on connectors and alert actions UI (#69601)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/actions/README.md

### `config`

| Property             | Description                                                | Type                 |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| index                | The Elasticsearch index to index into.                     | string _(optional)_  |
| doc_id               | The optional \_id of the document.                         | string _(optional)_  |
| execution_time_field | The field that will store/index the action execution time. | string _(optional)_  |

> | refresh              | Setting of the refresh policy for the write request        | boolean _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| refresh              | Setting of the refresh policy for the write request.        | boolean _(optional)_ |
```

### `secrets`

This action type has no `secrets` properties.

### `params`

| Property  | Description                              | Type                |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------- |

> | documents | JSON object which describe the [document](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/getting-started-index.html#getting-started-batch-processing). | object[]            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| documents | JSON object that describes the [document](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/getting-started-index.html#getting-started-batch-processing). | object[]            |
```
